fix(k8s): add warning (#4327)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/instances/how-to/migrate-volumes-snapshots-to-sbs.mdx

Alternatively, you can use the [snapshot export/import feature](/instances/api-cli/snapshot-import-export-feature/) to migrate your unified volumes and snapshots to Block Storage Low Latency volumes.

<Message type="important">

>   Volumes **created and managed though Kubernetes** do not fall within the scope of the migration described in this page. Find specific instructions for migrating Kubernetes volumes behind the Scaleway Block Storage API in the [managing storage for Kubernetes documentation](/kubernetes/api-cli/managing-storage/#upgrading-to-csi-version-03).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Volumes **created and managed through Kubernetes** do not fall within the scope of the migration described on this page. Find specific instructions for migrating Kubernetes volumes behind the Scaleway Block Storage API in the [managing storage for Kubernetes documentation](/kubernetes/api-cli/managing-storage/#upgrading-to-csi-version-03).
```

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- An [Instance](/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/) using [Block Storage volumes](/block-storage/how-to/create-a-volume/)

<Message type="important">

>   Volumes **created and managed though Kubernetes** do not fall within the scope of the migration described in this page. Find specific instructions for migrating Kubernetes volumes behind the Scaleway Block Storage API [in the managing storage for Kubernetes documentation](/kubernetes/api-cli/managing-storage/#upgrading-to-csi-version-03).

Author: ```suggestion
  Volumes **created and managed though Kubernetes** do not fall within the scope of the migration described in this page. Find specific instructions for migrating Kubernetes volumes behind the Scaleway Block Storage API in the [managing storage for Kubernetes documentation](/kubernetes/api-cli/managing-storage/#upgrading-to-csi-version-03).
```
